W-15133046 oms1.1 (#137)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-partner-manager-setup-guide.adoc

|env_identifier_ref-id_id |The ID of the identifier type Reference ID. This is static across all the organizations.

> |http_endpoint_type_id |The endpointTypeId of the endpoint type HTTPS. This is static across all the organisations. Open the partner manager -> endpoints creation screen -> open your developer console and network tools. Try creating an http endpoint and you can see the request JSON that is sent to partner manager api get the endpointTypeId.

Reviewer: What does this mean "This is static across all organisations"? What does "This" refer to?

Author: value of the endpointtypeId

> |http_endpoint_type_id |The endpointTypeId of the endpoint type HTTPS. This is static across all the organisations. Open the partner manager -> endpoints creation screen -> open your developer console and network tools. Try creating an http endpoint and you can see the request JSON that is sent to partner manager api get the endpointTypeId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. This is static across all the organizations. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab.
```

> |http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. This is static across all the organizations. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab.

Reviewer: What does "This is static across all the organizations" mean?

Author: once you get the value it will remain same for all the environments in side an org

> |http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. This is static across all the organizations. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. The value is the same across all environments. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab.
```

> |http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. The value is the same across all environments. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|http_endpoint_type_id |The `endpointTypeId` of an HTTPS endpoint type. The value is the same across all environments. Note that you can find the `endpointTypeId` value by opening the details of an endpoint in Partner Manager, and then running a request from the *Network* tab in the developer view of your browser. The value is available from the *Preview* tab of the run result.
```
